README.md, before:

# FBLA-Coding-and-Programming
The HRHS CTE Partners Management System is a Python program built using the Tkinter library.
This system helps in the management of information related to business and community partners 
for HRHS"s Career and Technical Education department. It provides a user-friendly interface 
for viewing partner details, searching for partners, and generating reports in CSV format.

Features:
Easily view partner information such as Name, Address, Email, etc.
Quickly search for partners by name using a dynamic search system.
Generate reports on partner information and export them in CSV files for backup and ease of use.

Usage:
Existing Partners - displays current partners" information, allows sorting, and exporting data to CSV.
Add Partner - provides functionality for adding and saving new partners to the system.
Delete Partners - deletes all selected partners. To select a partner, click on it. You can select multiple using shift click or control click
Documentation - describes the modules we used to create our program and the copyright for images used.

Dependencies:
Requires Python 3.12 installed on your system.
Install the pillow library using "pip install pillow"


Program designed in Python 3.12 for FBLA Colorado by Alexander Fiduccia and Joe Hopkins.

Commit message:

Finalized exe and added an email question system

README.md, after:

# FBLA-Coding-and-Programming
The HRHS CTE Partners Management System is a Python program built using the Tkinter library.
This system helps in the management of information related to business and community partners 
for HRHS"s Career and Technical Education department. It provides a user-friendly interface 
for viewing partner details, searching for partners, and generating reports in CSV format.

Features:
Easily view partner information such as Name, Address, Email, etc.
Quickly search for partners by name using a dynamic search system.
Generate reports on partner information and export them in CSV files for backup and ease of use.

-FAQ-

Question: In what ways can I manage my partners?
Answer: Under the "Existing Partners" tab you can add partners by clicking Add Partner and providing required info,
you can also delete partners by selecting one by clicking or multiple through CTRL + Click and then clicking Delete Selected Partners

Question: In what ways can I Search through my Partners?
Answer: Under the "Existing Partners" tab there is a search bar in the bottom right corner with a criteria box next to it,
you can select different columns to search through and search by name. You can also click on the top of any column to sort
the column by alphabetical and reverse alphabetical.

Question: How do I export a chart?
Answer: Under the "Existing Partners" tab there is a button which says "Export Chart", when you click that it will
give you options on where to save the file on your home computer as a CSV file.

Question: Where are my Backups stored?
Answer: Backups are stored in the same directory as the program is stored in, this is in order to allow you the most control and security over your data.
There will be a file name "" which is where the program sources its data from, and a file named "-Backup-2024/03/26" which is the most recent backup as of the date on the filename.

Question:
Answer:

Question:
Answer:

Question:
Answer:

Program designed in Python 3.12 for FBLA Colorado by Alexander Fiduccia and Joe Hopkins.
